DOCS-10083 Rewrite SLA-based rate limiting policy procedure (#342)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorial-manage-an-api.adoc

* A tier that limits requests to three per minute, with no approval required
* A tier that limits requests to five per minute, with API Versions Owner approval required

> When an app attempts to consume the protected API resource, the rate limiting SLA-based policy is enforced. Because this policy is client ID-based, app requests must include the expected client credentials. The procedure demonstrates including client credentials as headers, which is more secure than including the credentials as query parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an app attempts to consume the protected API resource, the Rate Limiting SLA-based policy is enforced. Because this policy is client ID-based, app requests must include the expected client credentials. The procedure demonstrates including client credentials as headers, which is more secure than including the credentials as query parameters.
```

Author: Good catch. Fixed!

To configure and apply a rate limiting SLA-based policy to an API:

. <<add-raml,Add the Required RAML Snippet>>.
. <<add-sla-tier,Add the SLA Tier>>.
. <<apply-policy,Apply the Policy>>.
. <<register-deploy,Register and Deploy>>.

[[add-raml]]
== Add the Required RAML Snippet

SLA-based rate limiting requires adding a RAML or OAS snippet to your API. This procedure demonstrates adding a RAML snippet.

. Specify the client ID and secret as headers. 
+
Add a section called `traits:` at the RAML root level to define headers:
+
[source,yaml,linenums]
----
traits:
  client-id-required:
    headers:
      client_id:
        type: string
      client_secret:
        type: string
----

. Add the `client-id-required` trait to every method that requires these headers:
+
[source,yaml,linenums]
----
/users:
  get:
    is: [client-id-required]
----

. xref:design-center::design-publish.adoc[Publish the API to Exchange]

[[add-sla-tier]]
== Add the SLA Tier

With the required RAML snippet added to your RAML API, you now add the SLA tier.

. From API Manager, navigate to *API Administration* and select the API instance.

> . Click *Actions*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Actions* > *Change API Specification*.
```

Author: Fixed!

> . Click *Change API Specification*. 

Reviewer: Remove this step if you apply the above update.

Author: Fixed!

. Select the newly published API version and click *Change*.

> . Verify that the API *Type* is either RAML/OAS or HTTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Type* field, verify that the API type is RAML or OAS, or HTTP. (Kim does not like us using /)
```

Author: Fixed!

> SLA-based rate limiting requires adding a RAML or OAS snippet to your API. This procedure demonstrates adding a RAML snippet.

Reviewer: One overall comment. The uber steps: Add the Required RAML Snippet, Add the SLA Tier and Apply the Policy if they are in Chrono order, should we mention that like here: https://docs.mulesoft.com/api-manager/2.x/rest-validator-extensionhttps://docs.mulesoft.com/api-manager/2.x/rest-validator-extension

Author: Fixed!

. For optimal security, specify the client ID and secret as headers. 
+
Add a section called `traits:` at the RAML root level to define headers:
+
[source,yaml,linenums]
----
traits:
  client-id-required:
    headers:
      client_id:
        type: string
      client_secret:
        type: string
----

. Add the `client-id-required` trait to every method that requires these headers:
+
[source,yaml,linenums]
----
/users:
  get:
    is: [client-id-required]
----

. xref:design-center::design-publish.adoc[Publish the API to Exchange]

== Add the SLA Tier

With the required RAML snippet added to your RAML API, you now add the SLA tier.

. From API Manager, navigate to *API Administration* and select the API instance.

> . Click *Change API Specification* via the *Actions* button. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Change API Specification* via the *Actions* button. We don't use "Via" in tech docs. What are we trying to say here? Is it this:
. Click *Change API Specification* > *Actions*. ?
```

Author: Fixed!

+
If a RAML spec is attached to your API, click *Preview resource matching* to verify which resources your filters affect.

> == Next Steps

Reviewer 2: Should the bullets be numbers; are they chronological?

> == Next Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Next Steps
I think we need a lead-in sentence here that after the policy is applied, we might want to perform the following steps or something like that. Are they required to perform these steps immediately? What if they want to apply additional policies (non-SLA-based)?
```

Author: Fixed!

* Register a client application to access the API with the newly applied policy:

> . xref:exchange::to-request-access.adoc[Request Access from Exchange]

Reviewer 2: If these are steps rather than a bullet list of xrefs, then reformat the xrefs as sentences:
```suggestion
. xref:exchange::to-request-access.adoc[Request access from Exchange.]
```
Ditto below.

. xref:manage-client-apps-latest-task.adoc[Approve Access]
. xref:access-client-app-id-task.adoc[Obtain the Client Credentials of the Registered Client Application]
* Deploy the application:
** xref:runtime-manager::deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc[Deploy to CloudHub]

> * Test using a tool such as Advanced REST Client, making sure to populate the request's `client_id` and `client_secret` header fields with the client credentials obtained above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Test using a tool such as Advanced REST Client, making sure to populate the request's `client_id` and `client_secret` header fields with the client credentials obtained earlier.
```

+
If a RAML spec is attached to your API, click *Preview resource matching* to verify which resources your filters affect.

[[register-deploy]]
== Register and Deploy

> After applying the policy, the following steps are required in order for the policy to take effect:

Reviewer: Passive voice
```suggestion
After applying the policy, perform the following steps for the policy to take effect:
```

Author: Fixed!

. Register a client application to access the API with the newly applied policy:
.. xref:exchange::to-request-access.adoc[Request access from Exchange.]
.. xref:manage-client-apps-latest-task.adoc[Approve access.]
.. xref:access-client-app-id-task.adoc[Obtain the client credentials of the registered client application.]
. Deploy the application:
.. xref:runtime-manager::deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc[Deploy to CloudHub.]

> . Test using a tool such as Advanced REST Client, making sure to populate the request's `client_id` and `client_secret` header fields with the client credentials obtained earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Test using a tool such as Advanced REST Client, making sure to populate the request's `client_id` and `client_secret` header fields with the client credentials obtained earlier.

```
Test what using the ARC? The "making sure" sentence should be in step explained in the next sentence as something like
When you test the..., ensure that you provide the request's `client_id` and `client_secret` header fields with the client credentials obtained previously in the procedure? Or where?

Author: Good points. I added what is to be tested, and when the credentials were obtained.
